When setting a form's opacity should I use a decimal or double?
Why doesn't the percentage width child in absolutely positioned parent work?
Tool for Converting Visual J# code to C#?
How do I calculate someone's age in C#?
How do I calculate relative time?
Determining a web user's time zone
Difference between Math.Floor() and Math.Truncate()
Filling a DataSet or DataTable from a LINQ query result set
Binary Data in MySQL
What is the fastest way to get the value of π?
Throw an error in a MySQL trigger
How to use the C socket API in C++ on z/OS
Unloading a ByteArray in Actionscript 3
Check for changes to an SQL Server table?
Reliable timer in a console application
Best way to allow plugins for a PHP application
Multiple submit buttons in an HTML form
How do I get a distinct, ordered list of names from a DataTable using LINQ?
Office 2007 File Type, Mime Types and Identifying Characters
Paging a collection with LINQ
How do I add existing comments to RDoc in Ruby?
How can you get Subclipse in Aptana to work with the newest release of Subversion?
SQLStatement.execute() - multiple queries in one statement
Flat File Databases
Is gettimeofday() guaranteed to be of microsecond resolution?
Good branching and merging tutorials for TortoiseSVN?
Anatomy of a "Memory Leak"
Best Subversion clients for Windows Vista (64bit)
Decoding T-SQL CAST in C#/VB.net
ASP.NET Site Maps
Java lib or app to convert CSV to XML file?
How would you access Object properties from within an object method?
How to export data from SQL Server 2005 to MySQL
XSD DataSets and ignoring foreign keys
Compressing / Decompressing Folders & Files
How do I track file downloads
How do I sync the SVN revision number with my ASP.NET web site?
Embedding Windows Media Player for all browsers
How do I version my SQL Server database
How do I print an HTML document from a web service?
Annotating YouTube videos programmatically
error_log per Virtual Host?
Function for creating color wheels
Floating Point Number parsing: Is there a Catch All algorithm?
Upgrading SQL Server 6.5
What's the best way to generate a tag cloud from an array using h1 through h6 for sizing?
Register Windows program with the mailto protocol programmatically
SQL Server 2005 implementation of MySQL REPLACE INTO?
Distributed source control options
Create a SQLite database based on an XSD Data Set
Accessing a remote form in php
Adding scripting functionality to .NET applications
GTK implementation of MessageBox
BerkeleyDB Concurrency
Best Practice: Collaborative Environment, Bin Directory, SVN
ASP.NET, Visual Studio and Subversion - how to integrate?
How do you sort a dictionary by value?
Is there a version control system for database structure changes?
.NET Migrations Engine
PHP Session Security
Should I use nested classes in this case?
When to use unsigned values over signed ones?
XML Processing in Python
Generate list of all possible permutations of a string
How much of the Web build process do you/should you automate?
How do you make sure email you send programmatically is not automatically marked as spam?
What is the meaning of the type safety warning in certain Java generics casts?
Lucene Score results
How do you migrate a large app from Visual Basic 6.0 to VB.NET?
iPhone app in landscape mode, 2008 systems
Unload a COM control when working in VB6 IDE
Programmatically Launch IE Mobile Favorites screen
How do you schedule tasks in Windows?
Implementation of "Remember me" in a Rails application
How can I find the full path to a font from its display name on a Mac?
Homegrown consumption of web services
WinForms ComboBox data binding gotcha
Get a preview JPEG of a PDF on Windows?
Frequent SystemExit in Ruby when making HTTP calls
Continuous Integration System for a Python Codebase
The definitive guide to form based website authentication
How to use combinations of sets as test data
How to write to Web.Config in Medium Trust?
What is the difference between an int and an Integer in Java and C#?
Deploying SQL Server Databases from Test to Live
Best way to access Exchange using PHP?
cx_Oracle - what is the best way to iterate over a result set?
Robust Random Number Generation
Build for Windows NT 4.0 using Visual Studio 2005?
Most efficient code for the first 10000 prime numbers?
When to use lambda, when to use Proc.new?
Swap unique indexed column values in database
Automatically update version number
Checklist for IIS 6/ASP.NET Windows Authentication?
Encrypting Passwords
Using 'in' to match an attribute of Python objects in an array
Connect PHP to an AS/400
Is there an IDE that provides code completion for Python?
Embedded Database for .net that can run off a network
.NET Testing Framework Advice
